JS SDK getSessionId API (#1061)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/sources/event-streams/sdks/session-tracking/index.mdx

Manual session tracking overrides automatic session tracking. If <Link to="#automatic-session-tracking">automatic session tracking</Link> is enabled and you call the <code class="inline-code">startSession()</code> API, then RudderStack will disable automatic session tracking <strong>until the app is closed completely</strong>. For more information, refer to the <Link to="/sources/event-streams/sdks/session-tracking/faq/#manual-session-tracking-persistence">FAQ</Link> section.
</div>

## Getting session ID for JavaScript SDK

> JavaScript SDK provides `getSessionId` method to fetch the session ID of the current session. In case the session ID is unavailable, the method returns `null` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JavaScript SDK provides a `getSessionId` method to fetch the current session's `sessionId`. In case the session ID is unavailable, this method returns a `null` value.
```
